Lilliana Robinson: Founders can watch their feedback. So, founders these are, we have Tom as a mentor, and we have 3 alumni here. You guys have actually already met Tom for mentor madness. And you've met Jake because he did a workshop. You've also met Andrew because he was on the alumni panel. But you haven't met James. So
Lilliana Robinson: James and Andrew were
Lilliana Robinson: very good at giving their classmates pitch feedback, which is why I always think of them. Well, this is Andrew's first time coming back as an alum. But, James, we've had back multiple times. Because he was like Nelson in your group where giving feedback to the classmates that was really helpful
Lilliana Robinson: Tom is also really great. He's helped us 4 years at pitch practice, and then Jake gave one of the best pitches that we've studied. So we have 4 experts here to give you guys feedback. There's also a super safe space, because these are your like, basically your brothers, because you're all our portfolio companies. So there's really no need to be
Lilliana Robinson: perfect or anything. And our alumni and Tom, you guys can give pretty honest feedback. It's really helpful. We're about a week out Demo Day as a week from tomorrow. So
Lilliana Robinson: Things are pretty much finalized at this point, but can change if you guys have like small changes to make, but it'll be a lot more about how they're presenting it.
Lilliana Robinson: Then, like restructuring the whole pitch. If there are some words that you think should change or like be removed, we can do small tweaks because they sell the week.
Lilliana Robinson: but a lot more about how they're giving the pitch delivery. If you understood it, anything like that. And then anything that you might be wondering that you think like they should still address. Let us know that, too, because they're still crafting their QA. Right now. So if there's something like Oh, that made me wonder like this burning question. Let us know, because maybe if that's not in their QA. We could add it
Lilliana Robinson: cool. So why don't we do intros? We'll start with Tom, and then we'll go to our alumni, and then
Lilliana Robinson: We'll let everybody volunteer to pitch.
Thomas Cirone: Thanks, Leon. Always a pleasure and honor to be here. Cyber hugs everybody love I have 40 year tech veteran. I'll spare you the I'll spare you the details. But I've been. I've been a mentor and occasional angel investor since 2,014. I've been involved with techstar since 2,017,
Thomas Cirone: mostly here in Chicago until recently. Working with the great folks on the West Coast.
Thomas Cirone: And
Thomas Cirone: gosh, you know, I? So I I've
Thomas Cirone: probably spoken to over a hundred companies at least once, probably 20 a multiple times and and a few I'm still keeping in touch with from many years ago. So I've I've I try to bring a a long perspective and a breath of of knowledge to any any way I can help you folks.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Jake.
Lilliana Robinson: Jake. Most people saw your workshop, and just in case just remind them who you are.
Jake Gutstein: Cool. Nice to meet everybody. I'm Jake, I am. CEO. Encounter at zest zest is a consumer subscription app that teaches people how to cook. So if you're familiar with Duolingo, we're like Duolingo buff for cooking.
Jake Gutstein: Lillian, what would be most helpful, just like in terms of.
Lilliana Robinson: When you went through techstairs like, when was your demo day? Summer? 2022.
Jake Gutstein: Summer of 2020, yeah, I think. Early fall 2022.
Jake Gutstein: yeah. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: James.
Lilliana Robinson: when did you go through text things.
James at Somnea: Yeah. Hey? Everyone nice to meet you James Marian, the CEO and founder of Sami health. We're digital care platform that helps patients with sleep disorders get their sleep back. I went through techstars last a year ago. So demo day coming up on a few days a year ago in the spring of 23 was when we went through it, so excited for you guys in the week ahead. And congratulations on making this far.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. And then, Andrew, remind us who you are. I think the last time we saw you was week one. So it's been a while.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah. Good to see you guys at the very beginning. And now at the very end, Andrew Penner founded CEO of auto we went through techstars in fall of last year, and so fairly new, all things considered, out of. There was pretty recently in your shoes, and excited to hear your pitches.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Thanks, guys. Okay, so why don't we have the founders drop in the chat. Whoever wants to volunteer? We have 2 h. So we should be able to get through everybody who's present.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anybody want to volunteer to go first? And then we can just start a queue in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Valeria is first, Valeria, you're gonna give.
Lilliana Robinson: Tell us if it's pitch or video first, and then just give your pitch without context of the other parts, and if they have any burning questions they can tell you about the QA. So we'll just focus on the pitch today.
valeria brenner: Yeah, so it's video first and then pitch, and then QA. So just should I get right into it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
valeria brenner: Alright. There are over 200 million small businesses, artists, makers, and thrift shops selling on Instagram.
valeria brenner: Many of these are run by a single person as a passion project or a side hustle.
valeria brenner: As they grow, shipping becomes this miserable chore, taking more and more time away from the fun parts of their business
valeria brenner: thrift ship is here to change that.
valeria brenner: We've reduced the average shipping time for Instagram sellers by up to 75% a value. Add that's already attracted over 1,800 users and helped to sell nearly $300,000 in shipping labels last year.
valeria brenner: Moving forward, we want to keep automating and simplifying the process. That's why we're launching thrift ship 2.0 next week with the goal of making shipping as easy and error free as possible.
valeria brenner: with the roadmap full of new features. We're set to compete with much larger companies and help our users grow even more.
valeria brenner: Our vision is to support businesses across all social media platforms and help them spend more time on the fun parts of their business and less on shipping.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 min
Lilliana Robinson: and our judges just feel free to unmute like, I won't call on you guys. You guys can just speak as you'd like.
James at Somnea: Ha happy to kick things off great job Valeria, and always fun to go first you set the benchmark. Yeah, I think immediately caught my attention with the 200 million. So that was great, I think great way to kind of pull me into the pitch. And I I think you did a great job of explaining the problem. On the user side, I think, where you lost me a little bit, was on the second half of the pitch. You kind of started talking about the competition a little bit
James at Somnea: to me that didn't feel like it added a a ton in the pitch of, you know that. Maybe that's something that you addressed in the QA. If that's a concern cause I think it was like, Oh, big big opportunity.
James at Somnea: Then you're kind of talking about competition a little bit. And then I think the other piece, too, was the 1,800 users caught my attention. The $3,000 on the shipping levels that kind of left me wondering of like, Oh, do you only make like 2 bucks per user like it. That doesn't seem like a lot of money, you know. And so then I'm kind of like, oh, well, maybe this 200 million isn't such a big opportunity. So just think about how you can.
valeria brenner: Oh, yeah, wait. I said, 300,000.
James at Somnea: Oh, okay, okay. Sorry. Then. That's much.
valeria brenner: Because you get I was like, wait shit.
James at Somnea: So, so, so sorry! I heard 3,000, for some reason.
valeria brenner: So I need to enunciate more on that.
James at Somnea: No, no, that's my mistake.
valeria brenner: So.
James at Somnea: Yeah. And so I think that the main piece was that that fixed that one. And then I think it was on the competition side just felt like it wasn't necessary in in the 1 min.
valeria brenner: Totally makes sense. Thank you.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, it's just kind of about like what's attractive within your business model. So like within the the like great page within James point there.
Jake Gutstein: I care about current traction, and then I care about scalability, and it's like, How do you make like? How do you make money? And you don't want to get caught in a situation where someone's like ruminating on a question in their head, and they're not listening to you at all. And so like to the degree that you can get in front of that. I don't think that was like a crippling problem
Jake Gutstein: for you at all. But I was left with like, okay, so number one is, how is retention? And number 2 is like, why are you launching
Jake Gutstein: the second version of your product like is defer. Is it not working real there, there's no real logic there. So I would say, like going into the QA. As long as you do risk those 2 things. I think you're in a great spot.
valeria brenner: Okay.
Thomas Cirone: Hey? Hey, Valerie, it's time here great pitch and you know I I do like your usage. So to echo what they both said, I like your use of numbers, I and since I'm older like, so it takes me a while to get going, and some people in your audience might be. Think about. I might challenge you to think about what's the one thing you want me to remember like, do you want me to remember your traction. Do you want me to remember the number of users you currently have? Do you want me to remember your margin? Do you want me to remove right
Thomas Cirone: and and and think about how you might convey that. And I obviously, I don't see the video. I'm not here, you know. We don't get the QA. But as you were talking I just I I wasn't sure which one I wanted to remember. Kind of thing, and I was. I might challenge you just like, what's that? One thing?
Thomas Cirone: Cause you have a lot of good things, by the way, I and I so you you might just want to consider that that's a a.
Thomas Cirone: a small, a small thought on my part.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah.
valeria brenner: Thank you. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, and I don't have a ton more to add that that wasn't already said. Think you did a great job in terms of pacing it. I like the energy you put into it.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: for me. What stuck out was the traction? So you know, it seemed like based on the pitch. That's probably what wanted to be highlighted. But if that wasn't the case, then I would definitely
Andrew Penner | OTTO: reconsider how you're doing it.
valeria brenner: Think that was.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Oh, Bro.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Absolutely.
Jake Gutstein: I will say, like I do still have the James fear, right? So like you're saying these huge numbers. But like, what does that actually mean for your business.
Jake Gutstein: But that might be a bit on like you know your story better than I do, so like, you know the strength to lean into. But if you guys have like
Jake Gutstein: notable revenue
Jake Gutstein: I wouldn't. I wouldn't shy away from that, and you shouldn't leave it to people to do that mental math. So like 300, we have like a competitor, and they monetize on. We're.
Kevin: In my way of.
Jake Gutstein: Grocery fulfillment, and they'll be like, we've we have that feature in our app, too. So we happen to know the economics there, and they're like we drove like $50,000 in card volume this month. And it's like, you guys made $500 like, I don't know what you're, you know. So it's just kind of
Jake Gutstein: I I it depends who you're trying to speak to as well. But if you're trying to like, go for the investment side of things. It's business model, like.
Jake Gutstein: Either depending on who the investor is, the future potential of that business model or the current traction, and how much you've derised it.
valeria brenner: Yeah. So do you think it'd be better to like actually talk about the revenue we made? Because shipping is like a smaller margin business we made around like $14,000 last year off of that 300,000.
Jake Gutstein: In, you know, like
Jake Gutstein: it's up to you like I wanna make sure that I'm respectful of. Also, like lilliana, you're framing here. It's up to you how you want to like position it, and how you want to tell
Jake Gutstein: the story in the most compelling way possible. I would just like
Jake Gutstein: I used to like. Try to like, you know.
Jake Gutstein: throw the curve ball, and like, think that, like, you know, like they might not.
Jake Gutstein: their minds not might not necessarily be here, but like they know that there's some revenue equate like they're they're built to think in terms of revenue equations. Again, this is, if you're trying to position for investment.
valeria brenner: Yeah. Hmm.
Jake Gutstein: Dope.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, it it depends. It's just going to depend also on like where they want to bet. So sometimes it's just on the future of that. And it's like Dan, 300,000. And there's that much more potential here like hell, yeah, versus some people will want to see that you deer is dead, so.
valeria brenner: Okay. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you, guys we're gonna jump to Deb prime next. So y'all can make your client meeting
Chloe Lannert: Vincent. If you're good to go.
Vincent Lucero: Perfect. I really appreciate it, guys, so we're actually doing the video first, which explains a little bit more of the problem. So I'm gonna go into the pitch right now, which is a little bit more of our solution than the QA. Would come afterwards. So solution.
Vincent Lucero: Imagine being one of the 17 million Americans who, despite having a steady income, are forced into payday loans because traditional credit systems can't see their true credit worthiness. Every incorrect loan decision reduces lender revenue and actively harms consumer borrowers.
Vincent Lucero: Predatory loans are all that is left for them, because banks, human based underwriting, is incredibly expensive. And according to Federal reserve research, humans aren't even good at assessing complex risk. The dub prime for lenders. Platform combines industry, expertise across explatable AI loan decisioning and debt capital into a vertically integrated solution to help lenders lend more money more safely to more consumers. The Magics and the models.
Vincent Lucero: after being featured by visa for our groundbreaking work in AI. We've secured letters of intent with the 2 largest credit builder cards in the United States to expand on the momentum they've brought to borrowers and lower credit bans. Today we're happy to announce that we have an loi officially for 100 million dollars as a debt deal with self. A techstars, 2,015 credit Builder Fintech to expand into unsecured credit cards, using our AI decision
Vincent Lucero: with 1.2 trillion dollars in net interest. Margin every year. Lending is the lifeblood of the global economy, and we expect to double it. Join us in revolutionizing the lending industry, unlocking financial opportunities for millions and driving substantial returns. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. I started timing you a little bit late, but I landed on 58.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, I think it might be a little. Is it okay to do like 5 s more and just pull it from the QA. Time.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's fine. But, Vincent, before anyone else jumps in, I just want to say, like, you've got to slow down.
Lilliana Robinson: You were kind of like slurring the words where it was like kind of hard to comprehend just because of the speed at which you were going. So I want you to focus on, and careful enunciation, not letting one word bleed into the next, and stuff especially when you say the word AI like both times that you said it just blurred into the word before
Lilliana Robinson: so just taking a breath, and like really allowing yourself to practice this much more slowly, because everything you're saying is very potent. So even if you need to take out a couple of words to give yourself more time.
Lilliana Robinson: what you just did, what you just said, people are only going to get like 20% of that. But it could get much closer to like 90. If you just slow down.
Vincent Lucero: Okay.
Vincent Lucero: no good feedback.
Vincent Lucero: A great.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, and I'll start off. Because I think you know, I had some similar feedback in the sense of
Andrew Penner | OTTO: it was a lot of information pretty quickly. And you do have a little bit of a complex product and market. And so I would really try and focus on just like we talked about before. What is the one or 2 things you want people to really remember about your business, how it operates or the market?
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I don't know if there's a way that you can, or or maybe I missed it. But did you frame any anything around what the current rejection rate is for those loans, or what the financial impact is of that predatory lending.
Vincent Lucero: We frame that in the problem video that actually comes before our pitch.
Vincent Lucero: So we basically frame that like one in 5 Americans has an error on their credit report, and that we basically charges the economy essentially billions of dollars every year, and miss priced loans.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Okay. And you guys, just to be clear on your product. Are you like an AI underwriting model for.
Vincent Lucero: Correct.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Or fix those credit report errors.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah. So no, we're not fixing the credit report errors. We are an AI underwriting solution. We've pivoted how we branded to be more debt and decisioning, because we recently found out that just making the underwriting decision is actually not as good of a hook as providing debt capital as a service. So we also broker 100 million dollar debt deals between Bank of California and self credit card. In that case.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Okay. I don't want to take up too much time, but I will say, you know, if the error on the credit report is something that you highlight in the beginning, but you only do the AI underwriting. It would be hard to imagine an underrating model that still doesn't take into account account credit report. So I don't know how tightly those 2 things tie. Only you can really answer that question, but if they do tie, and there's some secret that I'm missing. Highlighting. That might be useful.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: God.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And yeah, I really think the only other thing that stuck out to me that just gave me. A sense of skepticism where it may not be needed, is.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: do you
Andrew Penner | OTTO: aim to double the amount of, you know, lending transactions that are done, or the volume of lending transactions
Andrew Penner | OTTO: that feels a bit ambitious.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: so I don't know, you know. That might be something where I don't know if that helps you. It might be something that if you're looking to cut time could potentially be cut.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, it's not a bad place to cut.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah. And, Andrew, if that's like highly defensible, would you say that? That's a. It's great to work through that in the QA.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, I mean.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: that could definitely be a place for the QA.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, cause like, Citibank has research showing that like racism and basically lending cost the economy 17 trillion dollars. So just reducing the amount of fees with the amount of optimization that we can bring is easily one doubling the one trip, 1.1 trillion dollars in fees.
Vincent Lucero: Urban.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Okay, that might require a little more context. But I see where you're going with it makes sense.
James at Somnea: Yeah, my, my, my 2 cents on. I think you know, Lily. On it touched on it. I I felt it was a little difficult to follow, just cause you were trying to cram so much into to the 60 SII think we also suffer from the fact that we don't have the first minute of context for the product video. So there's probably some information there. That kind of helps set the scene that we're missing. So I get that. What I would say, though in general is, I think, used a lot of big words like I would just try to simplify the words if you can.
James at Somnea: That will help you on the pacing. So you don't have to get as much out. And I think it also just helps simplify the concept so that folks can follow along right? So if there's ways to just kind of honestly dumb down the language a little bit, to make it easier to digest and process for folks that are hearing this for the first time, for with only a minute I I would see if you could do that, because I think you started this being like, Hey, the point of you know, the the 60 s is to explain our product in more detail.
James at Somnea: I couldn't have told you what your product did at the end of that 60 s until you had the conversation with Andrew. So like, maybe I'm I'm you know, but there will be others like me in the audience. And so I think that's where, just like simplifying it a little bit. You kind of caught my attention with, like all the information when you had. Oh, 100 million dollar, you know. Debt deal you know, with the loi, but I think kind of similar to the feedback that Jake
James at Somnea: had with Valerie's pitch of that left me wondering then, like, Okay, well, then, how much like of that? Are you actually making like cause? If you're making a hundred 1 million dollars like? But that's
James at Somnea: you know, phenomenal. But my sense is, you're not right. And then, so it's like, well, how much of that? Kind of just left that question in my mind. And so I think you're okay. If you go right into like, maybe explaining your business model in more detail in the QA. So you're kinda gonna quickly address that question that's lingering in the audience's mind. But that was a question I was left kind of wondering.
Vincent Lucero: Makes sense. The answer is, 1% broker fee. But yeah.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Vince? Tommy? All great feedback. I just wanted to tell you I thought your opening was excellent.
Thomas Cirone: It it got me right away. And there's people in the audience, and people are hurting
Thomas Cirone: with inflation, with commodity prices with low, you know, and people that you're targeting to try to get them to get better credit scores, probably more than other people want to admit. And I think anyone attacking that problem, you're gonna get attention of people in that audience. And I I just wanna say I liked your opening right every and all the people's comments were valid here, like James, like you had a lot of buzz words in the middle that James was alluding to. But but at that point you had me at Hello! So talk really clear during that, and I thought I thought that was a really good opening.
Vincent Lucero: Awesome. Thank you. I really appreciate that.
12015634690: Yeah, Ju, I sorry I have absolutely no Internet right now. So there's just to derive that but just to
12015634690: like make it extremely extremely clear, like double triple down on what lilliana said. You will think yourself that you speak that that quickly. I have no idea what you said, and you're okay.
12015634690: So it sounds like it was excellent. Tom was able to keep up with it like I was. I was lost until you said the word borrowers at some point in there. You started talking about Brian. It's like, okay. It was like,
12015634690: like Max were stopping asking me out for coffee, and then like driving me there in his car and starting the conversation in his car like, it's I. I couldn't. Yeah, I couldn't really keep up.
12015634690: I think that is gonna like probably be a common through line. And again, it, these get a little bit difficult because we're not watching the videos. So I don't know really what you're saying. There, but like
12015634690: what is critical in these pitches, particularly if you're angling to get investment is understanding like you are a subject matter expert in your business, whereas
12015634690: Vcs in particular are subject matter, experts and business models. In in revenue, for they're going to look at this in terms of opportunity, and you're not going to be able to hand. Wave your way out of it so like to Andrew's point like.
12015634690: unless W. These numbers, these huge numbers that you're saying are relevant in, unless you're able to show then it was Andrew or James me, so like that you're able to capture the market share that you're saying you're able to go after and capture in a cogent way. You're gonna lose. It's like they. This is what they do all day long. It'd be like someone trying to Ds you at your business. And so I would just be very
12015634690: purposeful about the moments that you're going to raise eyebrows and making sure that within a sufficient amount of time you're derisking those eyebrow, raising moments.
12015634690: Not just like kind of leaving it hang out there. Because again, yeah, you're not, you know, you're not gonna get it by them by saying like the word 1 million, or like any any anything there. And the educational burden is less on you to
12015634690: is more on, like how this business works and where the opportunity lies. Unless on like. This is how the money works. And so like, if you're missing a critical part of a revenue formula like they're going to pick up on that
12015634690: The other thing, because we'd also said small word tweaks this is like very small. And other people please push back on me. I don't think you need to say the word text. Ours is an accelerator. Right? So like the minute that you say, even though tech starts 2015. And you're talking about a mature company when you're referring to them as in their tech stars days. In my mind, I'm thinking that you are partnering with somebody that is far earlier stage than they pro almost definitely are. This also, like
12015634690: all of it with a grain of salt. If you're trying to pitch to investors who know your space extremely well and not generalists like some of this advice will matter less versus like if you're trying to pitch to a generalist, which is
12015634690: you know.
12015634690: I'm going to be the stupidest person that you ever pitch. And so like it's it's gonna go over my head right.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, that makes sense.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: One other thing that just occurred to me. I don't know if if it's something that it probably wouldn't be in the pitch, but maybe in the QA.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I know you know my background is in lending as well. But more on the mortgage side of things, but I know there's a decent amount of you know, historic cases around, you know, discriminatory lending, and the financial impact of those cases is massive.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I'm not sure to what degree you know, your product really helps improve odds for the consumer versus also derisking the transaction for a lender. But there might be ways to
Andrew Penner | OTTO: either open up Tam, or create a pretty compelling story around that side of it, as well, which you know around risk mitigation and reducing human error for the lender.
Vincent Lucero: Yeah, it it actually is. Both sides. We simultaneously increase the tam. The number of people that lenders can safely underwrite will also bring you more inclusion and explainability to regulators. So it's kind of a trifecta to win win.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: That's great. Yeah. Cause I mean, obviously, the the financial consequence is just the tip of the iceberg for those lenders. Right? The reputational consequence, a really tough thing to come back from. So
Andrew Penner | OTTO: very cool.
Vincent Lucero: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you all snow you ready to go?
Chloe Lannert: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: thank you.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Great. So we are gonna pitch first and then explain more about the used cases and the customer benefit during the video after the pitch, and then finally, the QA. For resolving some concerns and explaining about the market size.
Snow Sungwon Lee: So let me start with that pitch.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Company leaders are afraid of falling behind because of crazy, fast evolving generative AI.
Snow Sungwon Lee: They want to stay competitive by utilizing Gen. AI in their workflow. But it's challenging, especially when they lack engineering resources.
Snow Sungwon Lee: So they hire AI engineers and AI consultants and spend weeks and months implementing and operating the integrations
Snow Sungwon Lee: for those industry leaders run bear is a no-coat solution that enables them to integrate their custom. Gen. AI. Into daily work, tools like slack Microsoft teams, Zendesk, and more
Snow Sungwon Lee: in less than 10 min instead of weeks. They can improve their work using genai without coding or engineering support.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Thanks to techstars, we've increased our customer base from 15 to 57, including big names like Bcg, it's threefold. In 2 months
Snow Sungwon Lee: our customers have increased their efficiency by 152% handling thousands of messages daily.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Let's see how Rumbert changes their lives.
Chloe Lannert: 103.
12015634690: This is a great pitch.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Thank you very much. It's.
12015634690: It's it's extremely clear what you do. How you
12015634690: insert yourself into this I would say.
12015634690: The 2 points that I would have are at the end. I think that it could behoove you to have that first
12015634690: 150%. I it's just like always strange when someone says, like efficiency by 150. What is that metric? And what does it actually mean? And you could go right into QA. Answering a question about like just how impactful you are, and then building into where people would also question you. I also tend to 15 to 57 customers like, did you decrease your price like, what? What does that actually mean? As it relates to revenue like hitting again on this
12015634690: business model kind of element of it. But
12015634690: cause. I don't know how you monetize unless that's in the video as well.
12015634690: If it is, you have, you can worry less about that. But those are really the only 2 points. Now, you can use
12015634690: point to point, to point, to point like extremely clear.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Great. Thank you. So actually, yeah, it's basically B, 2 B, sas, so monthly subscription. But the the the number of revenue per customer. Is not that big high? I mean 1 $100 per month.
Snow Sungwon Lee: and there
Snow Sungwon Lee: $100 per month per month for the customer. And the yeah, that that totally makes sense. Let me think about how we can deliver the more credible numbers.
James at Somnea: Happy to jump in. Yeah, I think as Jake mentioned, like, very clear on what you guys do. I think you did a great job explaining it.
James at Somnea: yeah, I mean, I think you can always get more into the the business model. I think the point of like you guys are growing that that got across to me, which is great. And I'd want to learn more. I think the pieces where
James at Somnea: I felt you could improve is on the opening and the close. The opening was a pretty generic statement of like business leaders are struggling with Gen. AI like that probably apply to every single business on this call, right like and so that didn't really catch my attention. So I don't know if there's a way for for you to kind of just like snappy in, cause you depending on where you go right like you're rolling pitch after pitch after pitch, you wanna like snap people back to focus on what you're saying
James at Somnea: like in the talk. And then, just for me. I I didn't love the the end of like, let's see, like what rummer can do like like, be more confident of, like what you will do right and like project that confidence like in the closing, rather than kind of like leaving it. Wishy, washy, open, ended. I think. Just like, you know, you guys are, are you have this impressive traction? You guys are making this change, like you know. Just be, I think I I would live like to see a
James at Somnea: little bit more like, you know, kind of conviction at the end of that statement, just as you roll into the next section.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Good point. Good point, yeah, definitely, I will think about how I can impact more at the end and also thinking about the hook from the beginning.
James at Somnea: They're just little little tweaks but Overall really great.
Snow Sungwon Lee: But great.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, I I think you have some good names in your client
Andrew Penner | OTTO: list now, right? And so
Andrew Penner | OTTO: what a potential opener there cause, I agree. The opener was a little generic, and then I I will say, starting off with the positive, I was pretty hooked by the end, and I just kept wondering, how do they do it? How do they do it? And I think the pay off there will be in the video right and then maybe more in the QA. So I think that's great cause. Really, the objective of the pitch is to really build that level of interest in the audience. There's a lot of companies in the cohort, and you know, standing out capturing attention, I think, is important.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, where you could potentially go is, I don't know if you have a good story even about what some of those bigger customers really cared about in the sales evaluation process. What they've been able to do with the product right? But to the extent
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you can tell a little more of a story at the beginning of the pitch that might help, especially leading with one of those big names, and then saying, and 56 other places have have felt similar right there. I think you have some good traction, some good Logos, and some good numbers, and maybe using that at the beginning to get some attention could be good.
Snow Sungwon Lee: That that also makes sense. Yeah, that that can be great story for starting.
Snow Sungwon Lee: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome
Chloe Lannert: alright. Next up we've got tux, David. You good to go.
David Akinyemi: Yes. And so we're following the format of pitch
David Akinyemi: video and Q&A,
David Akinyemi: and I can get started.
David Akinyemi: So companies issue 270 billion dollars per year in stock based compensation to attract and retain talent.
David Akinyemi: aligning the values of employees, executives, and shareholders.
David Akinyemi: But when the stock goes down. It causes employees to churn which forces companies to spend billions in stock refreshers and increase shareholder dilution.
David Akinyemi: I was one of these employees that received half of my compensation in stock, and I said, Mama, made it.
David Akinyemi: But by the time I could sell it dropped 40% which ruined my plan to buy my first home.
David Akinyemi: we learned mark Cuban had the same issue back in 90 99, but turned to Goldman Sachs to create financial insurance for him, which saved him billions after the.com bubble exploded.
David Akinyemi: Stock volatility impacts 5.2 million employees. But, unlike Mark, most of them don't have the tools or knowledge to protect themselves.
David Akinyemi: I'm David acknowledging the CEO of Tux, where we're democratizing sophisticated financial insurance for the everyday employee
David Akinyemi: to reduce employee turn by protecting their downside here's tux.
Chloe Lannert: 58 s.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I may come back with more, but I just gotta say I love what stood out to me. There was, I love, the personal connection to the problem. I think a lot of people can appreciate a founder with a personal connection to the problem they're trying to solve.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I think it really, really also helped
Andrew Penner | OTTO: paint the picture of you know what this problem is, and how relatable it can be to so many people.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: So just start things off. I wanted to congratulate you on that. I think that was a great part to add.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and the way that you said it was great.
James at Somnea: Totally agree with Andrew, I think like really got my attention, got my attention at first with the the 270, the big number. And then the personal story, I think, really pulled me in, and and, you know, felt relatable. You lost me a little bit on like. Why, we're talking about Mark Cuban like I felt like your personal story was like pretty strong you know, in in terms of like pulling me into it, and and just helping kind of personalize the the problem to make it more relatable.
James at Somnea: And and then the only other bit of feedback was. And I I know you guys still have like a week to go is just work on your your inflection and the pitching in the moments like I could tell that you were reading it, which is fine, like, you know, you guys still have time to do it, but I think, like you'll be able to make it even more powerful as you work on kind of just the delivery of of the words that you're saying.
David Akinyemi: Definitely is one question to you, James is. And so we kinda have those 2 stories of like my personal story to kind of resonate with people specifically in the Bay area, because the the assumption we have is that everyone in the crowd would have been through this or no. Someone has been through it.
James at Somnea: Yep.
David Akinyemi: And the goal, the mark, even source to be like. Hey.
David Akinyemi: there's secret set the wealthy are using that you just don't have access to because you don't know exist. But we also do realize how it's like.
David Akinyemi: do you need 2 stories like, should you maybe just cut one of them out and just say, Hey, we're gonna zoom in on the personal story, or we're gonna zoom in on
David Akinyemi: the the Marcuban story. And I guess, what are your thoughts kinda on that.
James at Somnea: Yeah, my initial reaction is like, I I like, I like your story. I think your story will be always be stronger. It also helps solidify you and your founder market fit right? And so I think you know, just being able to to convey that at the beginning will pull me in want me to learn more position, you, as an expert to help teach me, and like.
James at Somnea: you know, the fact that Mark Cuban does or does not know about this financial instrument like means less to me. I think it's like you clearly articulated the problem, and you related to it. Personally, I think you know, the whole point is to position your company as the solution, not mark Cuban as the solution right? And so I think you can. Probably, in my opinion, you could probably cut that out because what you're gonna talk about in the in the video and the QA is like how you're solving that problem right? And honestly, it doesn't matter what Markubin does, because it's what your company is doing that I really care about.
12015634690: Yeah. So
12015634690: so to do the classic text stars in like, alright, here's
12015634690: the exact opposite. A as as it stands today er like right now, I probably agree. That like it's a little bit unclear. Why, that's in there. This is, I mean, double up on it, and what they just said.
12015634690: That was excellent, like the personal connection that we have. Why, you're working on this as well as an understanding of this problem as a big problem is very, very clear. The mark, Cuban thing.
12015634690: It just might need a little bit
12015634690: more effective positioning.
12015634690: Because if I understand you correctly. What you're essentially saying is like.
12015634690: yeah, rich people get to do this like normal, like, normal people don't have access to this. But like, if you're extremely well positioned or all connected. You can just go to Goldman. They'll they'll take care of this for you. And so like that is, I mean, you're essentially signalling like there's validation, and all we need to do is capture a ton of the market, whereas, like with Goldman, they need to capture one big whale?
12015634690: and so that that's resonating with me. Qa. If I mean again, like you know your current position. You know where your strength are. You know where your weaknesses are. But if you're if you do have strength and traction and the video doesn't hit on it, I would definitely lean into business model I'd lean into like.
12015634690: go to like essentially like early midterm go to market, because, like.
12015634690: I have a business like this massive tam for most people, for anybody who's serious about ever investing in us like, it's very evident that at scale like this could be a huge opportunity. But the issue is like for us raising our first round. It's like, How do you go from 0 to 1,000 customers? How do you go from 1,000 to 10,000. How do you go from 10,000 to 100,000? And it's like, if you can make that me that case, then, like you guys can after a huge amount of the market and so making that like immediate kind of
12015634690: go to market a little bit more clear and like how you're gonna monetize in that whole area, I think, could send benefit in the QA. If you have tight answers around it. But that'd be the only other thing I
12015634690: huge marks opportunity, great personal connection to the problem. So double up on that.
David Akinyemi: Thank you, Jacob. Appreciate it.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome next up we've got aware. Antonio, are you
Chloe Lannert: good to go? Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, thank you.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So in my sequence is 1 min pitch. And then the video, and then the QA.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: One out of 3 people in this room is completely overwhelmed by stress.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: That's according to the Apa.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and 85% of them don't even know it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And I know that really well, because I was one of them.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Years back I was stressed at high stake jobs.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I was irritable.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: anxious, and overweight.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and I was not even aware of it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Eventually I got myself an apple watch to track my physical activity in my calorie burn.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and I lost 40 pounds in 12 months.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yet it took me 8 years to get in a better state of mind by exploring different mindfulness, techniques.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and the and the key to that journey was to label my emotions.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: name it to tame it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I'm Antonio Forenza. CEO, of aware
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: aware is available that continuously monitors your emotions and provides you with actionable insights to accelerate your journey, to become a better version of yourself.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Have better parents.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: a better employer.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: a better leader.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Here. Here's how it works.
Chloe Lannert: 108.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I'm happy to lead off. I mean, I think that was
Andrew Penner | OTTO: strong.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I think there's an opportunity at the beginning.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Anything that you guys can do. I mean, just in general to
Andrew Penner | OTTO: break up the.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, one after another after another, and give people something like a little laugh, even if it's Corny can can sometimes be helpful. I feel like there might have been an opportunity. There, take it as you will, but I mean
Andrew Penner | OTTO: it's pretty likely that more than one out of 3 of those people in the room just given what we do for careers and and what they do for careers are probably overwhelmed by stress.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: So even saying, you know, taking a second, letting it hit and saying, you know what you know, maybe even more in this room. Or something like that, allow people to to take a breath in there, I think might be helpful.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know something else. There, obviously, you have some time before Demo Day. But
Andrew Penner | OTTO: for everyone, I think it's just gonna be critical
Andrew Penner | OTTO: practicing until you're blue in the face like that was something I preached a lot with with our crew, and
Andrew Penner | OTTO: because, as much as
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, if we could tell with a couple of you guys that you were reading. It's never too early to start.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and as much as it might feel like Overkill. Once you get those lights on you and you're on stage, and there's people in the crowd.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Everything goes out the window, and the best thing you have to lean on is muscle memory. So I would definitely just say, practice as much as you can as well.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. So, Andrew, thanks for your input, what one question I have. I'm I'm struggling between
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: whether whether to memorize the entire script or not, because it seems like. If I memorize my fear of memorizing it is that then I will forget
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: where I'm on stage, and I've seen, like some examples in previous courts where they got stuck, so I try not. I try to remember the bullet points, but try to make it fresh every time.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But I'm I'm I'm really whether maybe I should spend the next week really memorizing it and and getting nailed it down. What what are your thoughts around that.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, obviously, there's risks either way. But I will say at least, from my experience. You know, I've had to do this a lot, and
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I think memorizing especially, it's so short, right? It's a minute, so memorizing. The entire thing, I think, is ideal and giving yourself at least the way I work is giving myself mental trigger points, like certain words or certain places where I pause
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and allow myself to gather. And then remember what's next. And those pauses typically are well received by the audience, because
Andrew Penner | OTTO: it helps. You seem more profound as a speaker and everything like that.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: but you know I don't. I don't think it's crazy. Obviously, everyone here is super smart. And I think you guys are capable of memorizing that, and the only risk there obviously being well, what if you forget, and you don't want to get thrown off? But that's where repetition is your best friend, and that's where, having some sort of fail, safe, like those anchor points
Andrew Penner | OTTO: that you remember in your talk are just really really critical.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Thank you.
12015634690: And that.
Lilliana Robinson: For feedback. Sorry, Jay, go ahead.
12015634690: Yeah, it did definitely memorize it. I I think. It goes it. It just goes a long way. And a minute. It's it seems like a lot. But like, essentially, you want to learn it to the point where you can deal with that level of variability where, if, like you miss something. It doesn't even really matter. You're almost like in your head and out of
12015634690: what you're saying and what you're thinking are almost 2 different things at once is what I find in that mode. It's like, Oh, I just missed that. That's funny. But, like everything is still going fine.
12015634690: I I would like love a line in
12015634690: this. It's on on steaks, I guess, like
12015634690: I guess this might have been James's point also, or Andrew. Sorry if I missed this. Were you just saying the point to point, to point, to point
12015634690: feedback the in it gang like a little bit monotonous and and tone.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: No, I think you could touch on that. I wasn't saying that.
12015634690: Yeah, it was like one in 3. People overwhelmed 85% don't know it. I I was this person I in in almost the the stakes or the weight of it are are fading, just because structurally it'll it's felt like a sentence to sentence, to sentence, to sentence, so like.
12015634690: I didn't.
12015634690: I? Yeah, I I think, insert potential to insert just like.
12015634690: what's on the line when this changes for people. If there was like a life, changing or altering moment for somebody, or how you guys get involved, I think could be helpful
12015634690: here.
12015634690: because one in 3 people being completely overwhelmed and you get 85% of people not knowing it yet.
12015634690: that doesn't sound like there might not be a problem there.
12015634690: you know, or like a problem that someone's gonna address because they don't know that there's a problem. So like I just adding weight, there is is probably important.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So you're saying, the problem is not just the lack of self awareness, which is what we bring with our wearable. But you're saying it, find find a a bigger problem. Find something that is much, much higher stake than that right like. If you're not aware of your stress. I mean, we hear from the Gdb. Interviews that people as say, I have a kid, and I'm not present for him. The ordering changed my life. I have my wife. My relationship with my wife was going downhill.
12015634690: Right. So something happened right to make them.
12015634690: Yeah, the or ring. And I think it's about speaking to that moment, because it's the passive moments before it, the years sitting at the desk like stressed out when nothing was changing and nothing was going on but like, be it like, when you decided to get the apple watch, or when someone decided to purchase an or ring
12015634690: there's just so much around the negative impacts of stress like what causes people to actually change their behavior around this. And like, that's
12015634690: that's the crux of the issue that you guys are trying to solve right? And I think that even playing on your own personal experience can be resonant there, because you can knock out those 2 birds with one stone.
James at Somnea: Real quick cause. I know we need to move on to the next team. Yeah, Antonio, this I I relate to this like we focus on sleep. Most people struggle to sleep. So I think
James at Somnea: you kind of lose folks when you just state something that generally people kind of. Most people are stress like, I mean, a lot of people are stressed right? Like, I don't think that that hits as much right. I think, whether it's your personal story, or it sounds like, maybe you have some amazing testimonies from your Jtbd interviews like starting with a personal story of Okay, everyone relates to stress. But what is the impact that that stress has on people's lives? And and it creates this trigger moment for someone to take action cause that actually is gonna be to purchase your product
James at Somnea: and and change their life right? And so relate to how you're you're teeing up that moment of change so that you can come in with the solution later on. Right? I think you'll just find a much more powerful hook like by personalizing it, either with your own story, or with one of your customer stories.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Antonio. I wanna call out really quick what? Andrew put in the chat. So every cohort we usually in demo day week, when everyone's all together. We do have you guys, not in a scheduled way, just self organized, pitch to each other, throw wads of paper at each other. Whatever you can do to distract, to help practice. I know I already told you guys about the people pitching on the subway in Chicago, which is also something that we did. But this is something that you guys can self organize next week.
Lilliana Robinson: We're in person if you want to. And we did it in the bay last time, too.
Lilliana Robinson: So, being able to pitch while like pens are flying past your face, and stuff will help with your distraction when there's not when that's not happening. But you're in front of hundreds of people.
Lilliana Robinson: So thanks for calling that out, Andrew
Lilliana Robinson: Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: Corzo is up next.
Chloe Lannert: Here's ready.
Jeremy | korzo: Hey, guys, thanks for all the feedback. So far from everyone, it's been amazing. So what our goal is is for the video, what we're gonna do is highlight, the user experience showcase what the app does and introduce the concept of engaging with your money in a new way.
Jeremy | korzo: The the 1 min pitch will be focused on diving deeper into what that means. And also our goal is really to gain users. New users for our Beta release. So this is not geared towards investors.
Jeremy | korzo: Okay. So
Jeremy | korzo: a wise man once said, Ask me for money, and you'll get advice.
Jeremy | korzo: Ask me for advice, and you'll get money.
Jeremy | korzo: But the real question is, who should you be asking these questions to? In the first place.
Jeremy | korzo: it's like having a 2 way puppy camera. When you're away from home.
Jeremy | korzo: We believe people should always know when, where, and how their money is being spent and care for.
Jeremy | korzo: It's about ensuring your money is being nurtured to grow under the healthiest conditions possible. We believe that everyone should be empowered to ask questions directly to their money.
Jeremy | korzo: The way we do. This is through an application called corzo
Jeremy | korzo: corzo, enables people to have conversations with their finances so that they can build a better relationship with their money in a safe, secure, and private manner, with absolutely no judgment from a human.
Jeremy | korzo: What kinds of questions will you ask your money.
12015634690: So.
12015634690: and end of one, but feels strongly on this. Cut everything up to, we believe, and then insert at the end of the pitch a couple of questions
12015634690: that you could ask your money. Will it be X
12015634690: will be a Y.
Jeremy | korzo: Okay.
12015634690: I don't think you need all the cliches upfront, and like, we believe is a really strong entry point for what you're what you're doing
12015634690: other than that, though really great pitch like that middle part is like tightest out. So like, I I really like that.
James at Somnea: Yeah, I'll just say, second, what Jake had to say, like, I think that first kind of anecdote
James at Somnea: kinda like didn't add a ton of value for me, and I think I got interested. Once you started talking about what you do.
Jeremy | korzo: Okay, perfect. We'll cut that out for sure.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: End of 3 on that one.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I think. Yeah, it was. It became clear once you got to the middle. I love the example questions and just gotta call out the confidence to it. It came across that you're very confident you're facing was great.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: definitely make sure you keep that.
Jeremy | korzo: So dive deeper into like the types of questions right? That could be asked right? Just lay out that scenario upfront.
Jeremy | korzo: Just plant those seas right.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, try. And.
12015634690: I agree.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Well, go ahead, Jake.
12015634690: I I was gonna say, you could actually just talk. I I was seeing it as being tossed on at the end. What type of questions. Will you ask my, your, and you have to try this on like, if it doesn't work, scratch it, I mean, like
12015634690: totally doing a day, but, like if you keep the meet that middle section entirely the same, and then give me a couple of examples as you wrap up. Will it be.
12015634690: it might be rule of threes like, what type of questions will you ask your money? Will it be? This will be that, will it be that? And quite honestly, if you did like the job stuff, if you're into that kind of thing like if you have 3 clusters and you're trying to close customers right now ask like the and you know you're struggling moments it each struggling moment in each question, particularly if they're different. And it's like somebody in the audience might be like.
12015634690: first question means nothing to them. And then, you see the second question, it's like cool, and they're like, alright. Now you gotta go back to the show.
Jeremy | korzo: Good point. That's that's that's a great suggestion. Actually.
Jeremy | korzo: thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Pardo, are you ready?
Chloe Lannert: Hey?
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yes, I'm just turning on my camera here.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Perfect and
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: okay. Awesome.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Thanks. Everyone. Appreciate all the feedback. So our goal is to get the those venture capital discussions going. Our structure is going to be our pitch first followed by our
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: demo video, and then the QA section, which is where I'm going to kind of discuss more on, like what the company's traction looks like.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: So I'm actually still working on improving the close. So that's where I could definitely use some of the best feedback from everyone. But I will go ahead and get started. So
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: one trillion dollars a day.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: That's the total dollar value of securities traded daily
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: This creates billions of data points
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: where even the smartest traders don't know what to do with all that data
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: at Trinium labs. We've developed Trinium AI, where we take those billions of data points and help you make sense of it.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Rai train and perform the work of over 100 technical indicators, which are the same algorithms used by the world's top hedge funds in high frequency trading made effortless for you.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: And if you have a question, just ask, and we'll let you know if a genuine investment opportunity is presenting itself, or even coach you on your execution.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: We piece together the most disparate pieces of information. Others don't even know to look for
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: taking the complexity out of creating and investing to help you seize opportunities effortlessly.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: And that's it.
Chloe Lannert: 58 s.
Lilliana Robinson: It was that good? Huh!
Thomas Cirone: I thought that one and the last 2 that I missed were great, lilliana, so
Thomas Cirone: I'm so sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: You have no critiques for pardon.
Thomas Cirone: I just couldn't. No, I just gotta got a lot of love for him. That's it.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright!
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Feels feedback definitely helped yesterday, because he told me I needed to improve on the close, to probably get a bit more of a bolder vision.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: and I'm not sure if I'm there yet. But I think this is a good step forward, and I'll have other variants that I can
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: kind of like.
12015634690: You're you're still in the refined stage for this.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: I'm sorry.
12015634690: Still in the refining stage for this? Are you like changing what
12015634690: is.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yeah, I'm improving on the close cause. This is my first iteration on making changes to the close. So I'm still self conscious about it. But hopefully, I can.
12015634690: Can you repeat? Can you repeat that part? Then back like the.
Lilliana Robinson: Like the ending part.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Yes, oh, we'll piece together the most disparate pieces of information others don't even know to look for taking the complexity out of trading and investing to help you seize opportunities effortlessly.
12015634690: So
12015634690: I think that one is I I I don't know where it's come from or where it's going, but like that's that sounds good to me. I will say that this is positioned to sell the customers. And so
12015634690: the Q&A is where you're gonna really have to like it might also just be that you're going pitch into video into Q&A, and the QA. Has to be where like this becomes extremely evident that this is not about closing customers. This is about
12015634690: the massive potential for the business, or what the business and or what the business has achieved to date. And I would really try to like position
12015634690: yourself around that cause. This is very
12015634690: not not negatively like flow wise. The pitch is good, but, like it is, it's far more customer centric than it is investor centric.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Gotcha.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: and you're we're kind of on the same wave billing there. My whole intention was to more sprinkle breadcrumbs at each stage up until we get to the QA. Where I can really.
12015634690: First.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Deep in those extremely difficult questions and
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: get everyone up to speed. And what we're working, how we're solving it.
12015634690: Perfect, perfect in in again, like, for those questions do them the way that it, like investors, don't care about the same things that customers care about right? So you're just gonna want to make sure that you lean towards the or index on the difficult questions that investors would want to know about not as much.
12015634690: I used to like. Just sit in these meetings and nerd out about my product. And like.
12015634690: yeah, like, no one cared and and it becomes like, you gotta you gotta make sure that you're speaking to the right audience, which this puts you in a good position to do, but could I could see, if you did.
12015634690: 6 more minutes of this would not accomplish what your goal is.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Got it, got it very much appreciated.
James at Somnea: Yeah, in. In so part of if I understand correctly, like, essentially, what you're doing is like democratizing hedge funds. Right? You're bringing similar technology that they have access to and and bringing it to the end. Consumer. Like, is your user like a a retail investor, is that the end kind of user? Or is it institutional investors.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: That's exactly it. You got it, spot on.
James at Somnea: Okay, okay, that's helpful. Yes, I think you know as as Jake mentioned, I think it caught my attention as a retail investor. But I think if I if you're looking for investment from from Vcs, and it would be just helping them understand the the business model. And and I, you know I think you can start to address it.
James at Somnea: In this pitch. Right? I I wouldn't save it all for the the product, demo and and of it, and the QA. Cause I think you'll wanna just kind of tee it up the the other piece that I think about that, too, is kind of coming back to the the opening you've got, you know, a trillion dollars.
James at Somnea: you know, billions of points of data. But like what like trillion dollars is like everyone, right? And a lot of that is gonna be institutional investors. So like, that's not really your true tam. Right? Like you're. You're not going after the institutional money. You're going after the retail investors. And so
James at Somnea: I don't know. I mean, obviously, there's a big opportunity here. I. I'm just wondering if there's a better way to kind of frame frame that, and and maybe you handle it in the QA. But that was I? I kind of was left wondering that as you're going through cause I was like, Oh, okay, so you're selling to retail investors. But then that doesn't really line up with what you told me at the beginning.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Got it. I
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: I am actually noting that down, and
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: we'll work on adding clarity to that first section. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you, James.
Lilliana Robinson: Pardo. In the chat Jake
Lilliana Robinson: mentioned the company. Are you aware of surmount AI. They're a Texas anywhere company? They're kind of similar. I found their demo day pitch for you. Remember. I'm not sure if they do our format. They do our format now, but I'm not sure if they did in 2022. But take that with a grain of salt. Definitely. Check it out. Thanks, Jake.
Pardo Walter | Trinium Labs: Awesome, really appreciate it.
12015634690: Totally. It's not in this format, if I remember right, but you can. Just
12015634690: that's almost better, because it forces you to do something original with it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, mind helper.
Lilliana Robinson: Kelvin.
Kelvin Alaneme: Cut.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah. So thank you. Everyone for the feedback. So far.
Kelvin Alaneme: Our structure is going to be the pitch first, then the demo video explaining, what we are doing and how mind helper works and then take QA.
Kelvin Alaneme: And our goal is to get
Kelvin Alaneme: customers and potential investors.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay, so I will start with the pitch
Kelvin Alaneme: growing up in Nigeria, where 94% of the population pay out of pocket for healthcare. I've always wondered, how do we make healthcare more affordable?
Kelvin Alaneme: Working as a doctor treating the mentally ill I witnessed firsthand the acute shortage of therapists compared to the overwhelming demand.
Kelvin Alaneme: 58 million Americans, about one fifth of the US. Population suffer from mental illness, and more than half of them cannot afford therapy.
Kelvin Alaneme: I'm Kelvinal and Ms. CEO. Of mind helper, a company improving access to mental health care by providing online group therapy as a service. Our group sessions are run by
Kelvin Alaneme: license therapist.
Kelvin Alaneme: Tremendous help, but
Kelvin Alaneme: a therapist working 30 h in a week, instead of seeing just 30 persons can see 300 persons. Group models have shown to be very effective, as we've seen with alcoholic anonymous.
Kelvin Alaneme: And our mission is to take it online where most people are at these days and make it affordable, so that do suffering get the help they desperately need.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thank you. So that's the pitch, and then I'll go on to show how my developer works.
Kelvin Alaneme: I mean.
Chloe Lannert: 101.
Kelvin Alaneme: You said 101.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay, thank you.
12015634690: Hell. Yeah, this is great.
12015634690: if there are
12015634690: other other great companies that penetrated in Ni nigeria
12015634690: within healthcare in particular, that have shown successful like inability to be successful. It doesn't have to be in your space. I think those could be great in the QA. This is a great pitch.
12015634690: like just the problem incredibly clear, the effectiveness of the solution incredibly clear. And there's not really anybody doing this right now, even though, that there would be a willingness
12015634690: to do it. I think that if you could also just hit on like how you guys go.
12015634690: how you actually
12015634690: start to capture market share.
12015634690: That probably is important. So that one again 1,000. How do you get 1,000 people doing this? 10,000, 100,000, I would say,
12015634690: I know that
12015634690: if you guys are gonna staff people, I've just seen
12015634690: investors wary
12015634690: of that type of approach to a go to market, and so if it's 2 sided marketplace.
12015634690: then that might be worth talking about. But again, all of this can go in the in the QA.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay.
Kelvin Alaneme: thank you, Ju, just to clarify our target market for now is the Us. So we executing here in the Us. Yeah.
12015634690: Oh, understood. So you guys are group therapy in the Us.
Kelvin Alaneme: Group therapy. Yeah, online group therapy in the Us. Yes.
12015634690: I? I may have missed that so I don't know.
12015634690: Tommy, Tom Andrew. I don't know if you guys
12015634690: was that clear to you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: It was tougher to understand because of the fact that. And and I think it's good that you started out with the story about Nigeria, but that definitely caused some wires to get cross when I'm trying to understand your target market, how we how you were launching.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, hey, Kelvin? I I like the pitch man and I and I and I love the market that you're in. I would sort of to say it a different way. And so those are all those were both valid. Excellent points. By shaking. Andrew is
Thomas Cirone: yeah, like, like, like, I want you to sort of try to find the right words here, you know.
Thomas Cirone: 0 in, on, on, like. So there's a lot of people put it differently. There's a lot of people trying to solve this right now, right? And I wanna make sure I understand how you're a little bit different differentiated.
Kelvin Alaneme: Different, little more.
Thomas Cirone: Passionate, etc. So the the sort of maybe a reworking of the story like, hey? When I was a little kid man we didn't have any of this kind of stuff. You know what I mean, and it really hurts right? I watched people get hurt, you know, kind of thing or whatever, and and then kind of keep going, because I think I think there's a lot of people solving this. And I would want to kind of know where you're coming from a little bit that just
Thomas Cirone: as a different type of thought, that's all.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay. Thank you. Just to provide some clarity, I think. In the Q. And a. The first question is, why group therapy? And that is what makes us very different. We are the only one just zeroing in.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, dude. Totally like, I'm really old. I'm not gonna debate with you right now. But I just like that's just my one challenge.
Kelvin Alaneme: Okay. So I'm sure.
Thomas Cirone: Great QA. And I got a lot of love for you, Calvin. I really do.
12015634690: I I I'm I'm I'm totally with Tom, though, like like that's now that's in the Us. It's like
12015634690: I would also just caution in general speaking and absolutes it will. It turns. It makes people very skeptical. Right? So we're the only ones doing group therapy. That means one of 2 things. One is that there are other people doing group therapy, and you haven't necessarily done a competitive analysis to unearth them yet. 3 things I guess it hasn't really worked.
12015634690: So people have tried to do it and not
12015634690: not really seen success. And you might not be aware of why, it's just like it it, it gets it raises more questions and answers. So just having, like
12015634690: that clear kind of
12015634690: positioning there.
12015634690: What's the collision of ideas that makes this
12015634690: differentiated is is is pretty important in a fairly crowded healthcare. Space.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thank you very much.
Kelvin Alaneme: Make it clearer.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome up. Next we have blank labs. Danny, are you ready?
Danny Pereira: Yeah.
Danny Pereira: let's do it.
Danny Pereira: Okay, so we are doing ours. Pitch. Then, video, then, QA, objective of this is honestly, just to kind of get some
Danny Pereira: hype, I think, from the audience. And then potentially, some angels, but not actively raising right now.
Danny Pereira: Yeah.
Danny Pereira: okay.
Danny Pereira: my co-founder saw Hill and I grew up as bandits, and it always fascinated us how our conductor made sure all their different instruments played together perfectly on stage.
Danny Pereira: so when we started working. It confused us why we had so many work instruments, apps, and platforms, but no conductor to run them smoothly.
Danny Pereira: It's unsurprising to find out that knowledge workers are drowning and busy work, and lose one entire day a week to ad hoc, request and admin tasks
Danny Pereira: thankfully. This is exactly what conductor is made to solve.
Danny Pereira: Till today knowledge workers have used AI for advice for improving writing. But we're leveraging AI to actively solve problems by ingesting all your different comms and apps. We are creating personal AI that can act like a virtual clone.
Danny Pereira: Our go-to-market borrows from tried and true playbooks like slack and basecamp.
Danny Pereira: We're gonna make our end users fall in love with us first and then turn them into evangelists. As we develop conductor for teams.
Danny Pereira: the future of work will be standard within the next 5 years. Our vision is to facilitate a world where most problems can be solved with one click
Danny Pereira: instead of combing through, on average, 9 different apps and AI agent platforms. Just communicate with your conductor, and let us do the busy work for you.
Danny Pereira: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: That was 106.
Danny Pereira: Dirty.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I thought that was good. I like the story at the beginning, you know, tying it back to your history and band, and everything thought that was pretty cool. Good way to rope people in
Andrew Penner | OTTO: the future of work being standard in 5 years.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: It's one of those general comments that probably is non additive to to what you're saying. It could probably be stricken.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: One thing I mean one thing from a body language, perspective.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I noticed, you know, some some people really get kind of fidgety on stage.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I could tell you, were swaying back and forth, and just wanna make sure when you get on stage, and everything you know, try, and
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, stand still, be be calm in your demeanor. Right? Don't be moving around too much.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And then, just from a pitch perspective.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: it was tough for me to truly understand
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and maybe again end of one. But to truly understand what
Andrew Penner | OTTO: conductor did or at least how it did it in a way that was really able to kind of close the loop for me.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Maybe that's what the video is for but you know.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: just kind of take that as you will.
Danny Pereira: For sure.
12015634690: Yeah. Hey, Jeremy.
Sahil Patel: Quick question. I'm Daniel's co-founder.
Sahil Patel: th. The reason that we were including that future of work line was to add to the urgency, and like the realness of what we're doing. So yeah, just thoughts on.
Sahil Patel: if, like, yeah, if that
Sahil Patel: urgency kind of why, now, piece is needed.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I mean, urgency never hurts. But I don't know that a comment about it being standard in 5 years is
Andrew Penner | OTTO: extracting that urgency from the audience.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, if there's a way to address, I think you probably have ample time to address a. Why, now, in the QAI don't know that
Andrew Penner | OTTO: the pitch is the right place to do it, and I just certainly don't think that that line
Andrew Penner | OTTO: accomplishes that objective.
Sahil Patel: Cool. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yep.
12015634690: Yeah, Andrew, Andrew, just like you're not. You're not alone in the kind of open end confusion, I guess, of how the product actually works. But I am banking on you guys having a really kick ass video to
12015634690: demo that or explain that.
12015634690: I think just
12015634690: E,
12015634690: I would say, like aim small, Miss Small, when it comes to demo day
12015634690: and
12015634690: with with your Q&A
12015634690: choose rather than like just like Wow, or excite people. It's like, choose like between one and 3 people
12015634690: that you would want to excite
12015634690: and like what their backgrounds are. And then lean really heavily into that, and so on. The
12015634690: if it is to just create, like customer, buzz or angel buzz, like
12015634690: really like
12015634690: circling or making that presentation on like the practical applications of why, this will be better for them. If it is, you're actually in your head, angling a little bit more towards investment, or like getting moving in that direction. Then, like the business model and traction in that case, for why? To use your product? But pitch as it stands I like, as long as the video Tangers point like doesn't illustrate what you guys really are. I like
12015634690: you took me on a roller coaster with your conductor example so like. At first I was like I, why, why do we have this story to you? You just did workplay, and then the name of the product was so perfect that it's just like it. It brought me all the way back. I was like, hell. Yeah, this should always be this way. So
12015634690: yeah, I would say that.
Danny Pereira: No totally hear you. Definitely planning to have a kick. Ass. Video meant to literally show like with without it with it, like showing how it works like literally and funny enough, you're like the third person that said, I really thought I wasn't gonna like this when you started, and then I really think you should keep it like, so that is a common theme.
12015634690: Yeah. And and that's like, then then you like, it's just all about building that capital pretty quickly or early on. So.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Dan? To? I'm here
Thomas Cirone: you know. I might dub tell a little bit on, I think on what Andrew said, and I don't want to put words in your mouth there, Andrew, but like I just to let you know again, I'll be the curmudgeon here bits. I'll be the ultimate guy. The orchestra analogy is has been used a lot in in many different areas, and I personally tune it out like no offense.
Thomas Cirone: You're a really sharp, like talented dude like I know you from
Thomas Cirone: selection Committee and from like mentor madness day. And I felt like it. You didn't come out in that pitch the way I wanted you to.
Thomas Cirone: and I don't know why that is, and maybe cause I tuned you off from the orchestra thing that sorry right, but like I just felt I wanted to be more like man Danny. I better go talk to that guy. He's a sharp duty solving some stuff like. I don't really get the everything, but like he's solving some stuff. And I I I pop! I'm sorry, but I I I just I didn't get this. I want to challenge you back like.
Thomas Cirone: I want to know. Danny. Danny's a sharp dude, right? And and I really want to know you. So I want to. I want to be compelled to come. Talk to you
Thomas Cirone: afterwards.
Danny Pereira: No, I told. I totally hear you, and I I feel that I think right now. Even I feel a little slow. I think I'm just like sleep deprived, and I will. I'm gonna show up to tech to the demo day like with a full 8 h of sleep, and like ready to go like in there.
Thomas Cirone: No, you're not. Everybody's gonna be totally strung out, and you're all gonna do great. So
Thomas Cirone: let's let's just get over that right now you're all going to be tired.
Danny Pereira: Plenty of Celsius plenty there.
12015634690: Is the the name is the name of the product conductor. I heard that right right.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, although. I'll be honest that we found out yesterday. There's this, like one big software already called Conductor, that we might have to change our name because of the trademark issues. We have no idea but we'll find out it's a little too late right now. But yeah.
12015634690: That that that is the cause. I agree with Tom. That is like, you guys just actually use the most cliche example of A, B 2 B like for like unifying B, twob. Software. But then the name of the product was conductor. So it's like, I, I just was a sucker for that.
12015634690: So I I yeah, I think that if you aren't confident that you're gonna be able to name the product that I actually end up kind of falling, because that is, that is what we.
Danny Pereira: Yeah.
12015634690: so
12015634690: yeah, it. It's like, so it's something silly like that. But if not, you get some time back to do something creative.
Danny Pereira: Yeah, I'm figuring that out, or we're hearing back from the lawyers.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you all. J. Lo! With Travaris is up next.
Danny Pereira: Thank you. Everyone.
Jennifer Loh: Job, Danny.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, I'm camera off, cause I'm I'm still in the peak of Covid. So forgive me. I'm usually like way more high energy.
Jennifer Loh: So
Jennifer Loh: our pitch
Jennifer Loh: it's gonna be first, and we're setting up the problem and really leaning heavily into our Jtbd insights. Thank you, Jake, for that and then kind of sharing our solution. And then our video is going to be a demo video of kind of what the Travaris experience is. And then our QA. Is gonna be the time that we use to address like, why, our team, our tam, our some, and how how we plan to scale.
Jennifer Loh: So there's a lot of like
Jennifer Loh: logistical questions that we just wanna like, save for QA.
Jennifer Loh: Okay. Oh, and then the other thing is, I've been out the last few days with Covid, and so I haven't had a chance to like really distill this down. So it's
Jennifer Loh: I think, at like a minute. 30. But I'd love to hear like what sticks out and like.
Jennifer Loh: what could be cut out.
Jennifer Loh: like what doesn't resonate. So okay.
Jennifer Loh: I don't want to be that American tourist.
Jennifer Loh: The feeling of standing out in another country being stuck in the middle of the crowd
Jennifer Loh: standing in endless lines.
Jennifer Loh: I get it. I've been working in travel for the last 15 years, and I've seen how travel has transformed over the years.
Jennifer Loh: The more more and more people are traveling the world.
Jennifer Loh: The rise of booking platforms like Expedia and Tripadvisor are all funneling everyone to the same top 10 places.
Jennifer Loh: Not only do travelers say they don't trust these in personal travel sites.
Jennifer Loh: but they're sick of these top 10 lists
Jennifer Loh: through our techstars, insights.
Jennifer Loh: insights. We found that what people care about the most is finding hidden gems and getting off the beaten path.
Jennifer Loh: And what they really want is to be in control of their travel decisions, to have access to culturally immersive experiences and to make the most of their limited time off
Jennifer Loh: all the while protecting the environment and supporting the local community.
Jennifer Loh: We initially thought that these were 2 distinctly different problems to solve, finding hidden gems or traveling more sustainably. But it turns out they're actually the same problem.
Jennifer Loh: My name is Jennifer Lowe, CEO, and co-founder of Traverse. And we're building a platform for regenerative travel so that off the beaten path travelers can access unique, culturally immersive experiences that are good for people and planet.
Jennifer Loh: We launched Travaris in our pilot market of Hawaii, and have already had our first customers.
Jennifer Loh: and they are stoked to get their personalized recommendations of hidden gems and access to exclusive, culturally immersive experiences only available on Travaris.
Jennifer Loh: We're making it easier for travelers around the world to travel better, to travel regeneratively, and we're just getting started.
Chloe Lannert: That's at 1 42.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, we need to cut a lot out.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I really liked it. I thought the beginning. If you're looking to cut my 2 cents.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I loved the juxtaposition of
Andrew Penner | OTTO: basically the conventional, you know. Everyone go into these packed destinations versus the hidden gym.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I did not follow that at the beginning. I think you know you saying things like people don't trust expedia like that's what I use. I trust expedia. Maybe I'm just one person but I think they're doing pretty well, and so
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know, maybe less of that, and that might not be adding as much as you think, and maybe more of a juxtaposition upfront. I don't know if it's necessarily in the form of like a would you rather? But painting that picture of.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And some people do this by saying, You know, imagine you're you've saved up for your one trip you can do for the year as an average American, maybe.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And and you end up going to a top 10 destination just to sit in lines all day and be overcrowded.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Would you have rather gone to, you know, a hidden gem where you can relax and unwind and have experiences you've never had before. Right? I think there's something, and I don't know exactly what it is, but something to be done with that mental justice of those 2 options. Because I think that's where the real power was in your opening statement. It just took about 40 s too long to get there.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: So that's that's kind of my feedback. There is. If you can make that comparison upfront in a succinct, relatable, and compelling way without trying to diminish the value of competitors that that have clearly done well in the market. I think that would
Andrew Penner | OTTO: that would be good.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, I like that a lot.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Jen, Tom?
Thomas Cirone: I like your pitch if it takes Covid to slow you down to that pace. I like the pace. By the way
Thomas Cirone: I did, and and and I, and
Thomas Cirone: like Andrew, I prefer you don't bash the competition like I get it right. But maybe maybe unlike in Andrew. I do like your opening. I did like your opening
Thomas Cirone: like. I exactly knew what you were getting at on your first sentence, and I like that about you. And I like you know, kind of. And I kinda understood and followed the problem that you were solving right? So I I think you had a really good pitch, and I think you're gonna refine it a little bit. And I did like your pace. So I'm sorry you had to be sick to have that pace, but that was not a bad pace.
Thomas Cirone: Because it wasn't too fast, and it wasn't too slow, and and I think you'll get an opportunity to emphasize what you need to emphasize.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, cool.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, it's a little slow, but I think I can slow it down.
Lilliana Robinson: You got it, Jayla.
Lilliana Robinson: I believe in you.
12015634690: Yeah, no, I I agree with Tom, though, that the pace is the pace is pretty tight. Jlo, I think that
12015634690: I also really appreciate that first line. No one wants to be that American travelers like it is
12015634690: very punchy, highly descriptive.
12015634690: could do with or without the the competition backing. I think that, like
12015634690: the huge thing is, you show the packed in line and the fact that you're not in the know you are a tourist, the feeling of being a tourist. Everyone wants to feel like elite and exciting and special in in their travel, and I think, like being able to lean into that
12015634690: emotively is pretty important. I think you have an operate or an opportunity to bring a full circle at the end of that pitch and talk about. Just name. Drop again that American. It's just a very punchy like that American tourist. And so closing out or having some symmetry there, I I think there's an opportunity. I would recommend for you guys a. A highly combative QA.
12015634690: And so there are going to be a lot of questions that naturally come up in people's minds, and I think that to have your interviewer ask you those questions in the way that they will appear so like the most aggressive pushback that you guys have gotten. This is a highly controlled environment. To have these people. So, for example, how do you not turn into expedia like, are you guys just not expedia because you don't have the traffic right now? Or like, whatever you guys have heard
12015634690: derisking like. Take advantage of your QA. To also derisk that, and I think that you can do it.
12015634690: I I think that you can do it, retention being another one that comes to my mind like so people book one trip with you, or a few experiences with you on one trip once a year like, do they come back? Why would they come back? L. Elements like that also come to mind.
Jennifer Loh: Bright.
Jennifer Loh: that's great!
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you. Next up we've got Fabian with positive finance.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Hi, everyone we do the pitch first, then, be able to plant seeds. Then the video on the product, and then the QA. Like more for a business model for investors. Basically.
Fabien | Positive Finance: I don't memorize yet. So I I will be reading.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Here's a wake-up call.
Fabien | Positive Finance: 40% of Gen. Z. And millennials are ready to chant jobs due to climate concerns
Fabien | Positive Finance: with 16 million, but already did it.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Businesses are not just losing talent. They are also losing clients and shareholders
Fabien | Positive Finance: with upcoming climate regulations. They are under pressure, and it will only get worse. They must act. Now.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Hi! I'm Fabia CEO of positive finance.
Fabien | Positive Finance: I know Gen. Z. But I but like my co-founders, I left my corporate job to create something with real impact.
Fabien | Positive Finance: We developed positive finance for employees.
Fabien | Positive Finance: so they can directly invest in social and climate funds and donate with employer matching
Fabien | Positive Finance: while we head business, retain talent and meet their sustainability goals.
Fabien | Positive Finance: We've already processed 60 K. In banking transactions and launch our first clients during textiles partnering with organization like Amazon watch and clean air tes.
Fabien | Positive Finance: But let's have a look at our product.
Chloe Lannert: That's 106.
12015634690: I would say, traction rate of growth in go to market. For?
12015634690: what you're talking about a lot of like what we were talking about earlier on with this business model, I assume. Are you? You're pitching for investment.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yes.
Fabien | Positive Finance: and on the QAI plan to have more like market opportunities, business model, and so on.
12015634690: Yeah, right? I I I think also, traction in rate of growth are gonna be really important in that. QA, right? So I understand, like order volume again. I might just be speaking out of my own bias. But it's like.
12015634690: you know, there, there's this line in the office where they're like Daryl. It says here on your resume that you're responsible for overseeing 1 billion paper products. And it's like, what does that mean of paper products like units of paper.
12015634690: just like, talk about your bit like talk about like what that actually means for you guys in positioning with what that business model actually means
12015634690: also, is that $60,000 it? This is all within the context of your narrative, which I don't know. But if it's coming on quickly. If it looks really good for you guys, and you have these close partnerships, and you're ready to ramp up like making these things extremely explicit. The people is gonna be important because a lack of specificity.
12015634690: is this, the worst is is assumed in that rather than like, I want to follow up with him to find out the answer to this. It's like, Oh, it's 60,000, but he's not saying how much they actually make, because they don't make that much which might be true. But if it's not
12015634690: take advantage of that
12015634690: you're like Marshall, from how I met your mother with a better accent. You do you get that a lot.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Say, say again, I'm sorry.
12015634690: You. You look like you look like Marshall. From how I met your mother.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Oh, okay.
Fabien | Positive Finance: First time I yeah, I got that. But.
12015634690: Alright
12015634690: if I if I'm on the person, maybe I'm going, maybe I'm going crazy. 11 tech stars pitches in a row, and it's like it starts all falling.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's just delirious at this point.
12015634690: Right.
Lilliana Robinson: Andrew.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, I'll say.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: maybe I didn't understand fully. But
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know one thing that it almost sounded like at first. I I had this thought of? Are they a nonprofit
Andrew Penner | OTTO: cause? It does sound like you're trying to make a social impact. It sounds like
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you are might be facilitating some donations to climate change causes.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Correct me if I'm wrong there. But something that might help in conjunction with that would just be talking a little bit about how you make money.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Obviously, you don't have a ton of time to get into that, but something just to help people understand. If you're pitching for investment right? There needs to be that question answered of how does this become a hundred 1 million dollar company in in 3 to 4 years? And so
Andrew Penner | OTTO: if it's a nonprofit. That's one thing that's a noble vision, but probably not gonna get investment from from that audience, maybe. But if it is, you know A for profit company, outlining how you make money might be useful. There.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Thanks. Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: I think I'll just. I'll just hey, Fabian? Good pitch, man!
Thomas Cirone: I'll I'll echo both of those. I I don't have a lot to add other than I've never seen the show. How I met your mother.
Thomas Cirone: So I don't. But I I I
Thomas Cirone: so I'll echo both of those.
Thomas Cirone: I, you know. Yeah, I get what you're trying to get at. And I think that it'll be reinforced with the video and the QA. And so I think it. I think all all good for you.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Tux.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome next up we've got Kevin with gift. Graham.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, well, Kevin, would you be okay if art goes? Because he just pulled over to the side of the road to be able to pitch? He's a.
Kevin: Yeah, sure, yeah, no. No. Problem.
Lilliana Robinson: Message.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think we'll let art go so he can not be on the side of the road.
Kevin: Sounds, dangerous.
Lilliana Robinson: And then you can go next Kevin.
Arthur Fields: Yeah, I'm not like quite on the side of the row. I just put over the Lt home.
Arthur Fields: the outlets over here, so.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Good.
Arthur Fields: But yeah, so I'll get started. I appreciate you. Thanks, Kevin, for letting me
Arthur Fields: go before you real quick. So
Arthur Fields: team. So I'm going to be pitching first, and then we'll I'll transition into our demo video. But we're looking to essentially generate investor meetings from demo day
Arthur Fields: and potentially intros to potential customers as well
Arthur Fields: for club wreck.
Arthur Fields: So I'll get started.
Arthur Fields: So finding a job or hiring the right person is challenging job posts on sites like, indeed, and Linkedin average 250 applicants, but only 25% are qualified. 75% applicants never hear back from employers and companies take about 2 months to hire due to any phishing hiring process. I'm art Fields.
Arthur Fields: founder of CEO, of club wreck at Doordash. My recruiting team struggled to meet their hiring goals because we were overwhelmed with too many unqualified applicants. Lack resources for timely interviews. Hey? We were pulling supervisors off the floor to help with pre screens this monthly time to hire frustrated candidates, burned out recruiters, and I had angry managers.
Arthur Fields: Inspired by this experience, I created club. Rec. We use AI to instantly score applicants for job matches and real industry expert interviewers to interview our top candidates. This mix of AI and human intelligence speeds up the hiring process
Arthur Fields: I
Arthur Fields: from application to interview and ensure it's only the best candidates move forward.
Arthur Fields: Now, I like to show you our Demo, that highlights, our platform benefits and features of testimonial from one of our customers
Arthur Fields: probably was like a minute and 12 s.
Chloe Lannert: 59.
Arthur Fields: 59.
Arthur Fields: Who, Spencer?
Arthur Fields: I was struggling yesterday with this.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you were. You were.
12015634690: Unused.
12015634690: Sorry
12015634690: I
12015634690: so I I really like this.
12015634690: I would highly highly hi this again, only for me, but, like highly recommend only pitching like angling these 8 min towards one group of people. Don't try to hit everybody or you, and you'll hit
12015634690: if you try. You're gonna hit nobody.
12015634690: And that being said, if we're optimizing for investors.
12015634690: money like, how much money are you saving these people? Why are they going with you? Right because you're trying to position it as a problem. And so you're talking about like these abstract concepts like
12015634690: in time. But like, in truth, like how much money is this wasting? Or, more specifically, how much money does your problem or your product sorry, end up saving in the time? It's like a math equation in my head, like the amount of time they are saving. Multiplied by the number of people working this problem for that amount of time multiplied by their salaries for that amount of time.
12015634690: And it's like, Yeah.
12015634690: if if you can like convincingly or put together that argument at the beginning rather than a bit more abstractly kind of being like
12015634690: hiring stinks. We make hiring better, because, like that is the beginning of a pitch that you essentially heard. But like, if it's like
12015634690: these, enterprise are, gonna pay us a ton because we save them way. More than that. Then I'm like, well, position. If it doesn't necessarily fit into your pitch, I would say, for the QA. At least again breaking it down like
12015634690: like the have the person again, like similar like, push back on you and be like
12015634690: you said, 2 months. Are they really going to save 2 months of time? And it's like.
12015634690: actually they, we can cut down one month of time for 4 employees. So they're actually saving 4 months.
12015634690: And it's like in that in in their salaries is are this much like this is how much money this problem's worth. I think, like positioning things like that ultimately are compelling for
12015634690: for from an investment standpoint.
Arthur Fields: Understand? Appreciate that? Yeah, we actually.
Arthur Fields: you're you're, I think we're aligned with you because we actually have our QA, based around like showcasing, like how much money?
Arthur Fields: You know, cause customers can save
Arthur Fields: you know, understanding that like, on average, it takes about $4,700 to $7,000 per hire, right? And based off of our pricing and our in our process, that we actually expedite that time from, you know, instead of months. You're actually hiring attendance within 6 days and saving close up 50% of that
Arthur Fields: higher cost, using our platform. So trying to really showcase that in the QA. Section.
12015634690: That that's great, and you can refer at that point to the the demo as well like, because it's good to be like, because we're limiting. Step 1, 2, and 4 from the process.
12015634690: is it? It goes from this ma. This much time to this mentioned.
Arthur Fields: Yeah, I like that. I like that. Yeah, for sure.
Arthur Fields: Yeah, we have to utilize that like the steps that we eliminate.
Arthur Fields: And I'm sorry I didn't catch you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: That was Jake.
Arthur Fields: Okay. Yeah.
12015634690: Yeah, there you can.
12015634690: Yep.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I'll say this is Andrew.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I love your pitch. I I'm biased because this is a problem that I have struggled with so much on the hiring side, and also has just given me
Andrew Penner | OTTO: endless amounts of guilt as well. The 75% never hearing back like
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I was that jerk who who didn't get back to those people right when I was hiring. So I loved it from the person who dealt with this problem. I thought your stats were great. I think your product
Andrew Penner | OTTO: sounds great like it solves a real problem there. You know some of the kpis. I'm sure that you're looking at in the future. But like.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: what is your placement rate? What is the placement time? What's the average retention? Once somebody is placed right, those are going to be keys, because I know the the one fear I would have, and
Andrew Penner | OTTO: the customer's position is, what is the error rate? Is there anything I'm missing out on, for instance.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: But you know I think there's a lot of value. I don't know what the level of setup is per candidate in this. But I see this little value equation of like, you know, the time to set up minus the time saved is kind of the incremental value that you bring, and it seems like that could be pretty profound.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I think I I just wanted to say, you guys, it's a great pitch
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and I would definitely keep a lot of it. I love the stats.
Arthur Fields: Okay, I appreciate it.
Arthur Fields: Thanks, thanks, Andrew.
Arthur Fields: Anything else. Thomas. Come on time. Yeah, Thomas, what's up? I want to hear from you, my man.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, I'm bringing the love I'm bringing the love.
Arthur Fields: You're you're like, you're like, alright, I love it. And then, by the end of our call you're like, don't like it so like.
Thomas Cirone: I'm waiting to get that middle finger Emoji email from you in about 6 months.
Arthur Fields: That's a.
Thomas Cirone: Dude, but I really liked your pitch, Arthur, straight up. I'm no no, no, Bs, I'm not trying to make up for being a jerk to you. I meant I like the way you've.
Arthur Fields: I wouldn't say you're being a jerk.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, yeah, but.
Arthur Fields: I wouldn't say that at all. So.
Arthur Fields: Then put them on yourself.
Thomas Cirone: But I I thank you. I understood the problem. I like the way you presented it. I understood your why, it's very pro. It was a bit personal to you. I got that. So I really like the pitch, and it made me want
Thomas Cirone: to watch the demo in the queue and listen to the Q. And A, and that's kind of what I wanted from you.
Thomas Cirone: You know what I mean. And so I liked it. I just did. I liked your pitch, and and liked the way I like. I liked the way you presented it.
Arthur Fields: Appreciate it.
Arthur Fields: Anybody from the cohort.
Chloe Lannert: We're a little. We're on time for
Brian Simiyu: I'll I'll just quickly say that I like job conviction. Art, that's that's my key feedback.
Brian Simiyu: I could I could. I could sense the conviction in your feedback. But yeah, over to you, clearly.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Kevin, just checking. Are you okay with being pushed back? A slot again? Sorry. I don't know if you saw the chat.
Kevin: Yes, sure. Sure. Yup.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you so much. So.
Chloe Lannert: Samarth, if you want to go ahead.
Samarth Gupta: Yeah, Kevin, I'm so sorry, dude, and thank you. For letting me
Samarth Gupta: cut you in line. So appreciate it.
Samarth Gupta: Tom, and Jake and Andrew, we're really appreciate your guys. Time. So our pitch we intend to do the 1 min pitch first.
Samarth Gupta: Then our 1 min product demo video, which we intend to highlight the key benefits of our product in and then at the end, we'll have our QA.
Samarth Gupta: And the the primary objective of of the pitch is to really peak investor interest.
Samarth Gupta: So if you guys can kind of look at the pitch from that lens. I think that would be really helpful.
Samarth Gupta: So here it goes.
Samarth Gupta: The legal industry has largely remained unchanged over the past 3 decades. Today lawyers still manually draft and review every contract, a process that consumes and often becomes a bottleneck for businesses eager to close deals.
Samarth Gupta: This is precisely why we see a significant opportunity for disruption in the legal industry, especially in the realm of agreements and contracts. My name is Samar Gupta, and I am the CEO of Lex, IQ. At Lex, IQ. We're harnessing the power of generative AI to modernize contract drafting and analysis to bring lawyers into the 20 first century.
Samarth Gupta: Gartner predicts that the legal tech market will be valued at over 50 billion dollars globally by 2027 due to Gen. AI. We at Lex IQ are poised to be pioneers leading the charge in capturing this emerging market, join us on our journey to transform legal tech and empower lawyers. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: 54 s.
12015634690: If I may miss this
12015634690: Did you happen to say what has changed that will that is now allowing for there to be more disruption or innovation in law.
Samarth Gupta: So we just mentioned generative AI. But we don't go into more specifics than that in the pitch, at least in the 1 min. Pitch.
12015634690: If if there is a sentence there in between your transition cause, like what starts to like echo in my mind is like
12015634690: there's been. No no, nobody's been able to break into this field for
12015634690: ever. And that's why we're going to be able to break into this field.
12015634690: And it's like what it makes me feel like, like, what? What have they been doing? That hasn't been working?
12015634690: Again. That also could be hit on during your QA. You're saving 6 s here. You can move that right over there and then
12015634690: do well with it.
12015634690: so I just wouldn't let that slide
12015634690: if I were you right like, nobody is able to do anything innovative here, and that's where we're choosing to innovate. On one hand, great if you accomplish what you're trying to accomplish. That's a great moat, on the other hand, like
12015634690: alright. But why will they? You know you you don't want to signal hubris like you. Wanna essentially signal that you're wise and have seen why, now is different. Which
12015634690: yeah.
12015634690: my my, my CTO worked at lexus nexus. So I am definitely aware, and I have multiple friends that are now in law and like, it's ridiculous what this tech is like. So I definitely believe that there's opportunity here.
Samarth Gupta: Nice.
Samarth Gupta: Got you? Okay? Yeah. Noted.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, that's a little general to me. If I'm being honest.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I like the problem you're trying to solve. I think
Andrew Penner | OTTO: there's it seems like, I know, at one time I think it was Lexisnexis I looked at, and like they had a slider on their site, and like 4 out of the 5 slides on that site were dedicated to something. AI, right?
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Whether it was case, law or technology. And so it's something that clearly a lot of people are thinking about. I think your timing is good. That wouldn't be disputed. But the question that came to me was.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: What approach are you taking that truly makes you different, you know, especially with something like that, where some of these other competitors might have such a larger body of training data. It seems like from the outside that it might put you at a disadvantage. So what is unique about you guys that is allowing you to be able to get an advantage in there, and that's that's what I was hoping to hear that I didn't and if there's any way to lend a little more specificity to that point. I think it would make it much more powerful.
Samarth Gupta: Gotcha gotcha. No, I think that's a great point, and we do intend to cover that as part of our QA. So do you think it? We should still, I guess, drop a line in our kind of intro pitch as well regarding our product differentiator.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: It's all trade off on time and clarity, and and how compelling. You can be right. So only you can truly answer that, depending on, you know it's hard for me to answer without knowing what that information is.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And I don't know that we have enough time for you to tell me, but if there's something succinct that you can add, that adds a punch there.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I wouldn't hesitate to do it if I were you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: It's just matter of? Can you communicate it in 6 to 10 s? With something really compelling.
Samarth Gupta: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Sam, I'll have Tom here.
Thomas Cirone: I dude. I've really liked your pitch even for non investors like, okay, for I think for investors. You you hit the mark. I I
Thomas Cirone: I understand your market. I understand what you're attacking.
Thomas Cirone: and and maybe want to come talk to you after the pitch right, and watch and and listen to the QA. And watch the demo and if I'm interested in legal tech, I'm gonna talk to you?
Thomas Cirone: And then you can have that conversation about differentiators, non differentiators. There are people in this market, you know that. And you're in this market. So go ahead and be this market right? So I I liked it, man, I I like the way you put it together.
Samarth Gupta: Got you awesome. Thank you so much, Tom. I appreciate it.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you, guys, Kevin, so sorry to keep you on deck for so long.
Kevin: Alright, anybody else?
Kevin: Good. Okay.
Kevin: Alright. So thanks, guys. For being here and taking this time. Our goal is fundraising. Our pitch is basically getting people to understand the problem, the customer and the market. The video is how we're gonna solve the problem. And the QA. Is more clarification on. Go to market traction and milestones.
Kevin: So here we go.
Kevin: So the restaurant industry is forecasted to reach 1.1 trillion dollars this year. It's a gigantic space, but it's also one of the most brutal businesses around.
Kevin: Kind of like being a start.
Kevin: I'm Kevin Malley, and I'm the CEO of Gift Graham. We started building restaurant relationships with digital gift cards and wanted to further expand with loyalty, but realize loyalty programs simply aren't doing the job for restaurants, because 4 out of 5 fail within 5 years and their profit margins still remain less than 5.
Kevin: Many of you maybe remember the TV sitcom cheers. Could you ever picture Norm going to a bar that wasn't run by Sam?
Kevin: It would never happen.
Kevin: Why? Because of the relationship.
Kevin: Those relationships are really hard to build.
Kevin: That's why we're providing restaurants and their staff with a platform that will forever change how restaurants interact with their guests and increase the size of their check.
Kevin: We're building more than loyalty at gift RAM.
Kevin: We're empowering restaurants to better understand their customers so they can have meaningful relationships that make them want to return.
Kevin: Let's meet Norm.
Chloe Lannert: So 103.
12015634690: I really like it. I I think that if there is.
12015634690: if you have this capability it would be really great. If not, don't worry about it. But
12015634690: what would the impact of everybody coming back one extra time? Be?
12015634690: Does that get them over
12015634690: a certain? Make the restaurant viable, do do something there, if you're able to like. Put a number there. I think it could be really powerful, but if not, I think you're in a great spot, as is.
Kevin: That's great. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, I don't have much for you. I thought that was excellent. Frankly.
Kevin: Thanks. Appreciate that, Andrew.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Kevin? Time here? I like the pitch. Hey, man! How's it going.
Kevin: Good.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you are. I I like the pitch. I you you.
Thomas Cirone: I get the market. I get everything so
Thomas Cirone: good on you I might if I if I pull my permudging camp on for just a half a second.
Thomas Cirone: I understand the callback to Norm at the end. I don't know if that's the way you should end it. I'm not sure yet.
Thomas Cirone: because you you got a lot of you got a great story to tell man you do. And and if people adopt this, it's going to increase
Thomas Cirone: my check size and and the repeat customers I have at at whatever restaurant market that you're in right and so so I'm not sure about that. I'll I'll I'll defer to you
Thomas Cirone: because you're yeah.
Kevin: You see.
Thomas Cirone: You're, you know you're smarter than me, but if you wanted that's cool, I'm I'm good. I'm good it. I'm good with it either way, man it was. It was good.
Kevin: Awesome.
Kevin: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Amazing.
Chloe Lannert: Next up we've got Cicada Mutia, are you.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm here.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright, cool, cool, cool. So we are going to be doing pitch first.
Mircea Gogoncea: video, second, and then QA. And we are trying to both meet possible investors and the generally people who are interested in the music business overall.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, here we go.
Mircea Gogoncea: The average musician makes less than 20 k. Per year.
Mircea Gogoncea: And yet Taylor Swift earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest store. Why is there such a discrepancy?
Mircea Gogoncea: Well, it's because most musicians are not great business people. That's why they hire managers. But sometimes even their managers leave money on the table. And that's why we built cicada. We partner with managers to make more money for artists. We do this by focusing on the actual concert experience, which is by far the most profitable part of the business before cicada musicians were only earning from tickets, and merch with cicada is, they can unlock 6 new revenue streams.
Mircea Gogoncea: and every single gig.
Mircea Gogoncea: These include paid dedications and song requests customer merge for every fan and synchronize calls to action that related to the song being performed. Takada is already being used by musicians in 12 countries, which makes perfect sense because we built it for ourselves. We, the founders, are both professional musicians and highly technical people. I use Takada at every gate. Here's how it works.
Chloe Lannert: 56 s.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Maria. Same thing here as Vincent.
Lilliana Robinson: You gotta slow down. You're just like me. We like to talk fast. I understand. You'll you even have extra seconds. You may need to cut a few words to give yourself down to like 50 at your normal rate, and then just
Lilliana Robinson: speak 10 s more slowly over the whole thing
Lilliana Robinson: his like. We all know your business, so I'm sure we all got it. But I'm sure our judges maybe didn't get every single word you wanted them to, because we just got to slow down. It's so
Lilliana Robinson: good like, I really like your script. And so I want everybody to hear every single word. It's very important. So we'll work next week together. But what did everyone else think.
12015634690: Yeah.
12015634690: it's you gotta know when lilliana comes in with the feedback. Just internalize that as much as possible.
12015634690: She's yeah. I mean, I totally agree. I would
12015634690: highly, highly highly encourage you, particularly with the QA.
12015634690: Lean into one person.
12015634690: You're pitching one to 3 people in that room. So it's either investors or it's managed. People who are involved with managers, I would say, do the investors and the people who are
12015634690: potentially into artist management, or I have a friend who's an artist manager, they'll naturally come up to you and be like, Hey, I have this buddy who does this thing. But like you're pitching for investor intros or investment like
12015634690: lean into that.
12015634690: I know, you guys, I've heard you pitch this business. I actually was in your screening committee, too. So I heard you pitch the business. Then you've been using the Taylor Swift example. Since then I had the same problem. I had the intro that I'd been using forever. And it sounds so good, so natural to me. But that's not your core customer anymore.
12015634690: Its managers.
12015634690: And so I think, potentially subbing out that
12015634690: opening 4 sentences. For
12015634690: when the managers are screwing up, how existential their lives are, their livelihoods are in these like critical moments when
12015634690: Merch doesn't show up on whatever you found these conversion points to be. That could be.
12015634690: That that that could be really helpful. And then, like.
12015634690: you know, we, we can talk about the the QA. If you want to, but that's why I would say within that pitch. Then then, as you get into it, as long as the part about you guys still makes sense
12015634690: on.
12015634690: it's like, that's a really solid pitch. It's just the
12015634690: small artist to Taylor. Swift piece of it, maybe a little bit outdated, for where you guys are at now.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing. Thank you so much, Jake. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I liked it. You know. I thought your energy was great. You did go a little fast. That's kind of one of the downsides of the energy, but I thought the energy was great. It.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: you know. Help road me in a little bit.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: and it showed your passion, and I think that's that's pretty important.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Also thought the articulation of the social proof
Andrew Penner | OTTO: like the traction you guys have, and the
Andrew Penner | OTTO: way that you made it clear about the alternative revenue streams. How it can translate to more money, I think, is great. If it's possible to close that loop, I might have missed it. But if it's possible to close that loop with what the potential impact could be financially to those musicians.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: is it a 5% lift? Is it a 20 lift. Is there a way to quantify it in dollars?
Andrew Penner | OTTO: is there a way to quantify it in terms of what it could do to the average. I don't know. But you know, messing with some numbers and showing what that vision of the future looks like. If you guys are able to accomplish. What you want is, I think, could help.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing. Thank you so much for that as well. Fabulous. This is so cool, sorry.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Marcia? How's it going, man? It's Tom.
Thomas Cirone: and.
Mircea Gogoncea: Really good.
Thomas Cirone: I I'll echo both those I dude. I like the pitch. I understand the market that you're going after.
Thomas Cirone: You know the average musician and how to help them make more money and stuff. And you know, I I think it's good. I think I think it'll I'm gonna wanna listen again. I'm gonna I'm gonna wanna watch the video and listen to the QA. You can guide, go in more depth. As to
Thomas Cirone: you know your your why, of doing it, or how how you're going to continue to help the musicians. But I I think it's a good pitch. I I really do.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay. I'm honored.
Thomas Cirone: I do. I do also. Wanna say that I'm dealing with cicadas now in here in the western suburbs of Chicago.
Thomas Cirone: and I don't wanna make any analogies between how they live their lives. And maybe the average musician. I don't know, cause they have like a 7 day life. So they better go to Taylor Swift money soon, because they're all gonna be gone. After making a lot of noise for about 3 weeks. I think.
Mircea Gogoncea: You know. That's why we named it Cada. Because.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, there, you go.
Mircea Gogoncea: They? They make a lot of noise together. That's right.
Thomas Cirone: They make a lot of noise. They live, they live life really well, and you want to. You want them to make as much money as they can before their short life is over.
Thomas Cirone: The average music. Maybe the average musician doesn't do it for more than 5 or 6 years. I don't know, so I'm I'm not changing your pitch here, but dude I I get what you're doing, and I think it's I think you'll do. Well. Demo night.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: You know, Tom, that's so relevant for the Midwest when we had Brent Payne here, you know the SEO guy from Chicago, he that was the first thing he said to me. It was like, Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: the potatoes like I. I do not like your name, because they are the worst, and apparently this year is like the worst year, or something of like the cicadas. So we're very aware of that.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, call me. Call me. I can give you the whole details. If you want to hear about this Akadis.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool, so we have time for one more.
Lilliana Robinson: It looks like the CEO is on the call that haven't gotten Felipe Brian.
Lilliana Robinson: I think that's it.
Chloe Lannert: Internet issues at the moment.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Dan had had to go on his phone. Do Brian or Felipe want to go?
Lilliana Robinson: Do either of you want to try and get to.
Felipe - Gohaus: I can go, but but I am in an airport, so if there is a lot of noise sorry about that. But I just around.
Lilliana Robinson: We can hear you just fine.
Felipe - Gohaus: Okay, perfect. Okay, thank you. Well, so, I'm trying to get the investors fundraising. I'm going to do the pitch first, then the demo video and the QA.
Felipe - Gohaus: So here I go.
Felipe - Gohaus: So with over 18 years working in real estate, I saw how property owners need to furnish quickly with minimal effort. At Go House. We address this need by using AI to categorize products into a styles.
Felipe - Gohaus: creating personalized real-time visualizations of decorated spaces that can be furnished within a week, and our partnership with retailers ensures that every item is in a stock and ready for immediate purchase. We started by integrating our platform with Walmart with over 3,000 customers. So personalized product recommendations in just a few months
Felipe - Gohaus: personalization and ecommerce game was revenue by 40%.
Felipe - Gohaus: So now, through techstars, we are proving our value in the multifamily rental market with over 50 million short term rentals, units, globally, properties must be furnished quickly with a style, and within budget to secure higher deals. I am Felipe Co. Founder and CEO of go, host, we are simplify and accelerating decoration processes. Let me show you how.
Chloe Lannert: 56 s.
Felipe - Gohaus: Always.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Nice work, I think. One of the questions that is going through my mind, is, how big of a problem is this? Right like. And and how can you potentially quantify that?
Andrew Penner | OTTO: So, you know, is it
Andrew Penner | OTTO: based on lost occupancy.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: time due to the time it takes to furnish, is it? You know
Andrew Penner | OTTO: I don't know. You know some some other consequence, but I think helping paint that picture
Andrew Penner | OTTO: to
Andrew Penner | OTTO: to showcase the the utilization of your product, I think, might be useful.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: And then, obviously, what the impact is of that.
Felipe - Gohaus: Great. Thank you, Andrew.
12015634690: Your background looks fake. It looks like a
12015634690: it was like a zoom background.
12015634690: I, you guys have, you guys have a huge thing going for you for this pitch, which is that you have closed a massive client? So, Walmart.
12015634690: is that will catch everybody's attention. I mean, I think that you've seen the power that that one client has for you guys in your QA. Hit on the go to market.
12015634690: Make sure that it's understood that this business grows outside of it and then potentially play around with it. I have no conviction on this. But to Andrews point you could potentially how big is this problem. Walmart was willing to pay us X per Y to solve it for them, or Walmart was willing to pay us X to solve it for them. Could signal like, Hey! This huge company, filled with smart individuals, is like
12015634690: willing to
12015634690: cut into their own margins for for this like it's probably worthwhile. I don't know. Andrew does that like.
12015634690: How's that? As an approach.
Andrew Penner | OTTO: Yeah, I have no idea how you did not mention Walmart. That's new information to me, and that is a big trust builder.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: You're done, Ollie.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool, so
Lilliana Robinson: I think we'll have to wrap. There, go ahead, Tom, real quick.
Lilliana Robinson: I just wanted to be able to address the group really quick. So first of all.